[13531] vulcanexus_base package (#8)
eProsima/vulcanexus: vulcanexus_base/README.md

> A meta-package to force rmw_fastrtps_cpp as the default implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Vulcanexus Base

A meta-package to set up various Vulcanexus related configurations
```

Reviewer: This is not fully addressed
